
Under Prerequisite, I read the basics of computer and I learned while learning to code you will spend most of your time on computer.
Under Computer Basics, I read on the following:
1) What is Computer?
2) What is an operating system?
3) What is an application?
4) Open source vs closed source software
5) Taking screenshots
6) Creating strong passwords


While reading I came across a new definition of computer that says, " Computer is an electronic device the manipulates information, or data. It has the ability to store, retrieve, and process data". I learned that all computers have two this in common: Hardware and Software.
I was able to read and hardware and software.

Definition of hardware & software
Hardware is any part of your computer that has a physical structure, such as the keyboard or mouse. It also include all of the computer internal parts.
Software is a set of instruction that tells the hardware what to do and how to do it.

Operating System
I learned that the operating system is most important software that runs on a computer. It manages the computer's memory and processes, as well as all of its software and hardware. It also enlighten my mind that without operating system the computer is useless. 

Types of operating systems:
Microsoft Windows
macOS
Linux

Through my study, I read that Linux is an open source operating systems, which means they can be modified and distributed by anyone around the word while Microsoft Windows and macOS are closed source operating system which means they can not be modified by anyone except the company.

Application
An application is a type of software that allows you to perform a specific tasks. It runs in the operating system.  An operating system perform multi tasking when one or more applications are running in it.

Open source vs Closed source
Almost every piece of computer software is created using source code. Open source software are software that are open to developer  to read and modified if there's a need to do so while closed source software doesn't give access to the public to read and make changes. 

Taking screenshots
The need of short come into being when you come across a problem and want to give a clear explanation to get a quick solution or you what to make your problem solver see a clear picture of what you have written. Taking screenshots vary when it comes to operating system.

Creating Strong Password
Creating strong password is one of the best ways to defend your accounts and private information from hackers. To create a strong password use numbers, symbols, and both uppercase and lowercase letters. Also avoid words that can be found in the dictionary.

So far, this is what I have read on. The next one is pending.

